welcome to tarla dalal's kitchen i am
your nutritionist Nisha and today I am
going to share a healthy recipe of Shahi
paneer mutter a zero oil calcium Laden
sabzi the what Shahi brings to our mind
loads of cream and cashews but here I am
going to make a zero oil version of the
recipe using low-fat milk and just one
tablespoon of cashew paste so come on
join me to make this healthy recipe
to make this zero oil subzi we first
heat a nonstick kadai on a very high
flame since we are not using any oil to
make this sabzi wait till the car is
completely hot and once the car is hot
reduce the flame and add some onion
paste to the car I this is approximately
3/4 cup of onion paste I have taken one
and a half cups of roughly chopped
onions and then blended it in a mixer
and cook on a medium flame for 3 to 4
minutes but remember to continuously
store it too this will add very little
cashew paste some garlic paste and
little kasoori methi which is dry
fenugreek leaves mix this well and again
cook it on a medium flame for 1 minute
you can sprinkle a little water if you
feel the onions are burning and once the
cashew paste and garlic have been cooked
we'll add some low-fat milk some water
green chili paste some garam masala and
salt again mix all this and cook on a
medium flame for another one to two
minutes and then we light up
paneer and mutter and now the final
stage as I said toss in some low-fat
paneer which is rich in calcium and
protein and then some fiber rich boiled
green peas mix it gently so that the
paneer pieces do not break and all you
have to do is just cook for another 1 to
2 minutes before serving and here our
Shahi paneer mutter is ready for serving
garnish this sabzi with little coriander
leaves and serve this royal flavoured
sabzi with whole wheat Piratas and enjoy
a healthy meal
download the terlalu
app on your Apple and Android devices
follow us on the Facebook and Tlatelolco
if you enjoy our recipes click like to
see more of my recipes click there
please share your comments I would love
to hear them and waiting for them